Add post on CVE-2023-44487 (#378)
vespa-engine/blog: _posts/2023-10-11-cve-2023-44487.md

--- 
layout: post
title: "HTTP/2 Rapid Reset (CVE-2023-44487)"
author: kkraune
date: '2023-10-11'
skipimage: true
tags: []
excerpt: >
    Vespa-8.240.5 is available with updated dependencies to address CVE-2023-44487.
---

2023-10-10, details of the vulnerability now named HTTP/2 Rapid Reset
([CVE-2023-44487](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2023-44487))

> were announced as a vulnerability impacting most (if not all) HTTP/2 servers in the industry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
were announced. This vulnerability impacts most HTTP/2 servers in the industry,
```

> In the Vespa container, we bundle the Jetty HTTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
including Vespa by embedding Jetty.
```

> Being given an early heads up about this, we were ready to release an update version of Vespa (8.240.5)

Reviewer 2: Consider adding a timeline with when Jetty release was available, included in our build, release to Cloud, etc.

Author: added more details

> that included Jetty's patch for this vulnerability as soon as it was released.

Reviewer 2: Should we call it a patch or just a release? 
Link to https://github.com/eclipse/jetty.project/releases/tag/jetty-11.0.17.

Author: will change to release, good point

> This version has been rolled out in the Vespa Cloud, within the applications' block-windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Vespa Cloud, no action is needed as you have already been upgraded to the safe release.
```

> 8.240.5 is also available at [hub.docker.com/r/vespaengine/vespa/tags](https://hub.docker.com/r/vespaengine/vespa/tags) for self-hosted usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are self hosting you are advised to upgrade to Vespa 8.240.5 as soon as possible.
```
